readme.md, before:

![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)

## Don't forget to give a :star: to make the project popular.

## :question: What is this Repository about?

- This repo has example code for running Web Automation Tests using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) and [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- Websites used for testing are 
  - [LambdaTest e-commerce Playground](https://ecommerce-playground.lambdatest.io/)

## Test Journey covered in this project:

This repo covers the following test journey as a part of End to End Testing

1. Register a User
1. Add a product to the cart
1. Verify that the cart contains the same product that was added to the cart.

## How to run the Tests?

- Run the following command in the terminal

  ### 1. Running tests in local:
    -  `npm run test_local` >> Tests will run on Chrome browser on local machine

  ### 2. Running tests on LambdaTest Cloud Grid
    - `npm run test_cloud` >> Tests will run on LambdaTest cloud platform on Chrome browser on Windows 10

## :question: Need Assistance?

- Discuss your queries by writing to me @ `mohammadfaisalkhatri@gmail.com`
  OR ping me on any of the social media sites using the below link:
    - [Linktree](https://linktr.ee/faisalkhatri)

## :computer: Paid Trainings

- Contact me for Paid trainings related to Test Automation and Software Testing,
  mail me @ `mohammadfaisalkhatri@gmail.com` or ping me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/faisalkhatri/)

## :thought_balloon: Checkout the blogs related to Testing written by me on the following links:

- [Medium Blogs](https://medium.com/@iamfaisalkhatri)
- [LambdaTest Blogs](https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/author/mfaisalkhatri/)
- [My Website](https://mfaisalkhatri.github.io)

### :bookmark: Checkout videos related to Software Testing and Test automation tools on [Testing Talks with Faisal Khatri](https://www.youtube.com/@faisalkhatriqa)

Commit message:

updated readme, set the test to run on mac sonoma on cloud in (#6)

readme.md, after:

![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103)

## Don't forget to give a :star: to make the project popular.

## :question: What is this Repository about?

- This repo has example code for running Web Automation Tests using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) and [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- Websites used for testing are 
  - [LambdaTest e-commerce Playground](https://ecommerce-playground.lambdatest.io/)

## Test Journey covered in this project:

This repo covers the following test journey as a part of End to End Testing

1. Register a User
1. Add a product to the cart
1. Verify that the cart contains the same product that was added to the cart.

## How to run the Tests?

- Clone the repository in your local machine by using the following command in the terminal
  
  - `git clone git@github.com:mfaisalkhatri/playwright-ts-web-automation.git`

- Navigate to the root folder of the project and install all the dependencies using the following command
  
  - `npm install`

- Run the following command in the terminal

  ### 1. Running tests in local:
    -  `npm run test_local` >> Tests will run on Chrome browser on local machine

  ### 2. Running tests on LambdaTest Cloud Grid
    - `npm run test_cloud` >> Tests will run on LambdaTest cloud platform on Chrome browser on MacOS Sonoma

## :question: Need Assistance?

- Discuss your queries by writing to me @ `mohammadfaisalkhatri@gmail.com`
  OR ping me on any of the social media sites using the below link:
    - [Linktree](https://linktr.ee/faisalkhatri)

## :computer: Paid Trainings

- Contact me for Paid trainings related to Test Automation and Software Testing,
  mail me @ `mohammadfaisalkhatri@gmail.com` or ping me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/faisalkhatri/)

## :thought_balloon: Checkout the blogs related to Testing written by me on the following links:

- [Medium Blogs](https://medium.com/@iamfaisalkhatri)
- [LambdaTest Blogs](https://www.lambdatest.com/blog/author/mfaisalkhatri/)
- [My Website](https://mfaisalkhatri.github.io)

### :bookmark: Checkout videos related to Software Testing and Test automation tools on [Testing Talks with Faisal Khatri](https://www.youtube.com/@faisalkhatriqa)
